I'm going yet not even trying to
generate this way I'm here there's
something bigger although the scared
little bit nervous mostly diseases but
oh that's going to there we go hey all
right as you know it's magic word with
poetry and in the past and special ops
training programs such as guys acted and
I haven't know what do you mind I've
just needs question this tiny little
room I mean literally capture dragged in
here and there's something big going on
and as much as I hope it's the next guy
Alex trying to do stuff this is a little
bit crazy I'm gonna have to tell you
later okay I think there's something
wrong I can hear some snot on us on the
store not really sure and these guys
have one most incredible special ops
training programs right now and it takes
you away for fruit to give you a video
and working for the exact same
in Israeli Special Forces were using
this is incredible and you know when I
got access to it I think it got a little
bitter and he's gonna passed on time
doesn't matter is awesome i love it
music get myself back in shape because
we were one about lighting lately only
two more body that's going and I'll time
more about later but you want chicken I
got my whole thing for it my only morale
and as the one who can you see it before
Nelson and it's get tak fit don't calm
that dummy don't have you done don't
attack fake com oh I'll tiny marbles
vegetable is going to keep you later if
I get it with your life I'm not sure to
the training there goes through this is
a little bit crazy for tens I really
getting in here right now